# Start spreading the news

I doubt I could have found a less comfortable place to write my first blog post.  I'm sitting at the very back of a Boeing 747 on it's final approach to JFK International Airport in the magical city of New York.  To add insult to the marginal amount of space I had to begin with, the kind person in front of me has pushed their chair back all the wait so now the ends of my MacBook Air are either wedged tenuously underneath the _entertainment screen_ or poking me uncomfortably in the belly.  While my belly may not becessarily be as big as the very large man sitting next to it is much less likely to crush the poor laptop (as happened on flight back from Austria). Besides sucking in my belly is good for my core and is significantly less of an ordeal than buying a new MacBook.

So I suppose you came here for some particalar reason which does not necessarily include me ranting on and on about the amount of MacBook Air current absorbed by the gentle folds of my belly.  No!  This is supposed to be a meaningful blog about technology and code and music and other interesting things that people like me write about in the hope that people like you might gain something from.

Sadly there is no wifi aboard my flight so I'm rather starved for imagination. A decent spell checkeer would be useful too since the one I downloaded previously for Sublime Text doesn't appearr to really do anything.  Uh huh! I might here you exclaim, you've given us the merest hint of your technological inclinations.  Yes it's true that my slow decent into the black hole that is hipsterism has now extended to my choice of text editor as well.  First a beard, then indie music and now I use Sublime Text.  Next thing you know I'll be so anti-mainstream that I might actually pay for it!

All jokes aside (haha who am I kidding there will plently more of those don't you worry your little head) I'm not going to write about Sublime Text because a) I'm still trying to figure out if I like it or not. And b) I'm nowhere close to writing a post about my 10+x favourite Sublime Text plugins because I only really like 5 of them. The rest of the time I'm just pining for the slow but comforting embrace of Jetbrain's *Storm IDEs.

So now we find ourselves far, far down below the fold and I've yet to even commit to to a central theme for this post (unless you include rambling but that is more of a _how_ than a _what_).  I suppose I could tell you all about how I built this site using Boostrap and Jekyll.  I could go step by step through how I created each page or possibly even a smaller version we create together so you can get started.  Well, well you're in luck since that is exactly what I intend to do.  But not in this post because I'm pretty sure I've decided that in the interest of my inevitable ironic hipsterism that it would be much more fun to talk about themes in an abstract sense instead of actually comitting to one.

But before I ramble anymore an anncouncement made over crackly speakers tells me the captain has fastened the seatbelt sign (that's not a typo FYI) so it's a logical note to end on.